[WIP]Changes to Server docs for v2.18 (#3707)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/customizations.adoc

.Login Screen Banner Example
image::banner.png[]

> === Resource Classes

Author: Customize resource classes

You can customize resource classes for your installation to provide developers with https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/optimizations/#resource-class[CPU/RAM options] for the Jobs they configure.

TIP: Once resource classes are set using the steps below, make these options available to developers so they can ensure correct usage.

Following are the steps required to customize resource classes for the Docker and `machine` executors:

. SSH into the Services machine.
. Run the following:
+
```shell
sudo mkdir /etc/circleconfig/picard-dispatcher
```
. Run the following:
+
```shell
sudo vim /etc/circleconfig/picard-dispatcher/resource-definitions.edn
```
. Add your required customizations to the file, then save and exit vim with `:wq` - see below for options and formatting.
+
WARNING: It is important to use the IDs listed in the example below for both `machine` and Docker resources classes. 
. Run:
+
```shell
echo 'export CIRCLE_DISPATCHER_RESOURCE_DEF=/circleconfig/picard-dispatcher/resource-definitions.edn' | sudo tee /etc/circleconfig/picard-dispatcher/customizations
```

> . Restart the CircleCI Server application ADD IN HOW HERE!

Author: ```suggestion
. Restart the CircleCI Server application. The application can be stopped and started again from the Management Console Dashboard (for example, `<circleci-hostname>.com:8800`).
```
